README.md, before:

# Generate Steam Heat

## Description
A README Generator named Generate Steam Heat, to create README files that are all revved up and ready to go!

## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation
Clone this repo to your own device, make sure you have node.js installed as well as the npm install. Once you have all the relevant software and modules, navigate to this repo in your command line and run Node index.js and respond to the command line prompts. Once the README is generated you can use it as you like - and include any other media like screenshots and videos.

## Usage
Placeholder



## Contributing
Not accepting contributions at this point.

## Tests
No tests avail for this project.

## Questions
You can reach out to me at DanaRFulmer@yahoo.com or visit my [GitHub profile](https://github.com/SikoticVinyl). Please only reach out via Email but expect a bit of wait I check my E-mail once every few days.

Commit message:

Generated README for project, added example video to README.

README.md, after:

# Generating Steam Heat


## Description
A README generator to make sure that all your README's are all revved up and ready to go!

## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)


## Installation
To Install this project you will need to clone the repo from GitHub and then install NPM via your command line. Once you have everything ready to go, CD into the repo and in the command line enter 'node index.js' (You will need to have the software for Node installed also - see Node.JS documentation [https://nodejs.org/en] for install instructions)

## Usage
Once you have the needed installs complete, when you enter Node Index.js in your command line questions following the ones seen here will generate. Answer each question as it relates to your project and a README will be generated for you based on the info you provide. This is a nice and easy way to get your README built out and formatted for use. You can always add more to the README if you'd like once it is generated also! I will be adding this video to this readme after it has been generated.

A video of using this application once you have everything installed can be viewed here:
https://youtu.be/At_5sJAczCU

## Contributing
No Contributions at this time.

## Tests
No test for this project at this time.

## Questions
You can reach out to me at DanaRFulmer@yahoo.com or visit my [GitHub profile](https://github.com/SikoticVinyl). Please reach out to me via email first, I check my email twice a week so please be patient as I will respond as soon as possible.
